Dude! Shooting star!
Make a wish!
That's not a shooting star.
It's just a firefly.
What are you gonna
wish for, dude?
Oh, you know...
that something special
only two bros can share.
I think I'm wishing
for the same thing!
You mean the...
Ancient psychic
tandem war elephant!
Oh, man! I want to
ride it so bad!
How do you even
control those things?
You can't control it, dude.
You have to let it
give you control.
Oh, wow!
Start wishing!
What the?!
That's a distress flare from
my other hot dog knights!
I sent them to rescue my
other other hot dog knights
who got trapped in a labyrinth!
Their message says...
"Baby...
Us...
Trouble...
Time."
They must be in great danger!
Hot dog knights are slow.
Don't worry, Princess.
Jake and I are on it.
Whoa. Fudge, man.
This place is yoga balls huge!
Yoga balls aren't that
really huge, dude.
Hey, man, I can't
analyze everything
that comes out of my mouth.
Should we, like, try to cheat
and stretch over the walls?
Naw, man. Look.
Okay, well, then...
I'll just hook my legs
around this stump
and stretch us through
so we don't get lost.
Like this. See?
You're a cool guy, Jake.
Thank you.
Man!
There's so many
passageways and stuff.
It'll take us forever to find
those hot dog kni-i-i-i-ghts.
Don't eat me, man!
Naw, we're here
to save you, guy.
Oh, thank the stars.
We were lost.
How didn't you guys get lost?
We're just gonna follow
Jake's body back.
Ooh! Whoa! Far out!
Aw, look at that!
- That's great.
At the center of the maze,
there's a magic creature
that grants wishes.
"Wishes"?!
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
Ancient psychic
tandem war elephant!
This is our chance!
Hot dog!
Hold on, boys!
We're gonna get us some wishes!
Choo-choo!
♪ Sing, 'cause your mama,
your mama, your mama said ♪
♪ She said your mama, your
mama, your mama what? ♪
♪ Whatcha mama say? ♪
♪ She say ♪
♪ I'm busy making
babies, greasy babies ♪
♪ sliding on my
gravies in the... ♪
Uh, I forgot the next part.
Dang, Jake!
Your body's getting thin!
Hey I got a nice bod.
Yeah... but right now?
Uh... not so nice.
Okay, well, you can take
your weird body issues
and tuck them somewhere private.
Whereas I can take my
healthy body issues and...
fight a golem!
Trespassers!
Huh!
Wrap him up, Jake!
I'm on it!
Stop flexing!
I can't... stretch... anymore!
You can do it, Jake!
Stretch, stretch, stretch!
Wrap him up more!
Come on, baby!
Yeah!
Golem... taken care of...
Dudes.
Jake, you're amazing!
Jake, you need to take it
easy on the stretching, man.
What?! N-no Jake.
You can keep going, man!
Right, guys! Come on, Jake!
You can go!
Jake! Jake! Jake!
All right.
Come on, Finn.
The stretchy train is
leaving the station.
Choo-choo.
Hmm.
Just got to keep stretching!
Uh... yeah.
Wait! Stop, Jake. You hear that?
- No.
- This place is weirding me out.
Keep your eyes open
for traps and junk.
Whoa. Check that out.
Oh, snap! That's you, dude!
Hmm. - Boop.
Hey, man, watch it.
I think that's my nerp, but,
like, super stretched out.
Boop, boop!
Boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boop!
Stop, man!
Phoo!
Nerp!
Oh, my grob!
It's okay!
Hot dogs are immune to poison!
- Sick!
- I got it!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
Jake! Jake! Jake!
I'm good, man.
It's the small scorpions
you got to worry about.
Or is that just with snakes?
Ooh, nope.
Wait. Poison's kicking in.
No, Jake! No!
Hang in there, Jake.
Work through the pain!
Let's get wishes!
Wishes!
All right, you guys.
Hop on. Let's do it.
I don't think this
is a good idea, man.
I'm fine, brother.
We'll have that war
elephant in no time.
Uh... uh...
okay.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Whoa!
Hmm.
Looks like the final puzzle.
You think you can stretch
up there, buddy?
- Yes.
- Whoa! Jake, you okay?!
Uh, yeah. I just
can't close my eyes.
Lids... too tight.
Okay, dude, this is too far!
No more maze. We're going home.
Yeah. I'm feeling a little thin.
Don't stop!
Take it to max!
Max it! - You stretch good!
Jake! Jake! Jake!
Whoo!
Uh... all right.
Jake, no! You're gonna get hurt!
- Go harder!
- Go stronger!
I'm going for it!
Jake, no.
Jake! Jake! Jake!
Done.
That must be the wishes!
Ki-i-i-i-tty...
You did it, man.
Now we can go wish for our...
Ancient psychic
tandem war elephant.
Got to move carefully.
My internal organs are
super stretched...
paper thin.
I love kitties.
- Wha?
- I am sorry!
Aah!
Jake!
My insides are all mashed up.
I knew we should
have turned back!
You were right. I
pushed myself too far.
I'll never fall victim
to peer pressure again.
No.. Jake! Jake! Jake!
Actually, I'll do
anything you guys want
if you say my name three times.
Just hang tight, buddy.
I'll use my wish to save you.
Congratulations, warriors.
Step forward and
take your wishes!
Ah! I'm gonna wish for a hat!
Whoo!
Who's next?
Mnh-mnh. That floor got traps.
Jake should stretch us across!
- Jake! Jake! Jake!
Here we go!
No! Jake is all jacked up!
But how else can we get wishes?
Jake, get up and
carry us across!
But I'm too weak!
Jake! Jake! Jake!
Yeah!
Jake! Jake!
That's it. I'm dead.
Jake! Stay with me, man!
- Nah.
- But we did it, okay?
I can wish you out of here, man!
Oh, yes.
Now you may each receive
your wish for real.
But be warned.
There are no do-overs.
Okay, so you guys should wish
to get your buddies back, right?
I wish for a box!
Sweet!
I wish to blow up! I
mean like "get big."
Wow. You guys are really stupid.
What do you mean?
Dog, you're next.
What do you wish?
Huh?
Jake, wish for the ancient
psychic tandem war elephant!
Then I'll wish to save you!
Right.
It's so hard to think
on an empty stomach.
I wish I wasn't so hungry.
You wasted your wish, man!
I know.
You should wish for the ancient
psychic tandem war elephant.
It's what we wanted.
That's crazy, man. I
gotta save your life!
Do it... for... me.
I... wish for...
the ancient psychic
tandem war elephant.
Yes!
Your wish is granted.
Wha?!
It has to give you control!
Remember!
I'm on it!
Ancient psychic tandem
war elephant, hear me!
Finn the human, are you
worthy to command me?
You know I am, because
you're psychic!
Now wish for my
friends to be healed!
I wish for what Finn desires!
Yeah, boy!
No!
You weren't supposed to
have your wishes come true!
You were supposed to die!
Now bust us out of here.
No!
Yeah, boy!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org